GitEx support for Overrrides V2 (#5192)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/overrides-v2.md

![override priority](./static/override-priority.png)

Overrides defined at project/organization/account levels have the following override priority:

1. Project
2. Organization
3. Account
## Moving overrides from Inline to Remote

Similar to services, environment and infrastructure definition you can move your overrides to Git. 

1. Select **Overrides**.
2. You will have an option to select **Inline** and **Remote** under every override method.
![](./static/overrides_gitex.png)
3. Select your **Environment** in case of **Global Environment** override method.
4. Select **Remote**.
5. In **Git Connector**, select or create a Git connector to the repo for your environment.​ For more information, go to [Code Repo Connectors](/docs/category/code-repo-connectors).
![](./static/remote_overrides.png)
6. In **Repository**, select your repository. If your repository isn't listed, enter its name. Create the repository in Git before entering it in **Repository**. Harness does not create the repository for you.

> 7. In **Git Branch**, select your branch. If your branch isn't listed, enter its name. Create the branch in your repository before entering it in **Git Branch**. Harness does not create the branch for you. You generally want to save it to the default branch on the first save.

Reviewer: Currently only default branch of the repo is supported for overrides

![override priority](./static/override-priority.png)

Overrides defined at project/organization/account levels have the following override priority:

1. Project
2. Organization
3. Account
## Moving overrides from Inline to Remote
When you create overrides, you can store the overrides in one of the following ways:

> Inline: Harness stores overrides in its platform.

Reviewer: Rephrase as Overrides are stored in the platform

> Remote: Harness overrides is stored in Git.

Reviewer: Overrides are stored in a repository based on users choice

> You can set the overrides as Inline or Remote when you create an override.

Reviewer: Overrides can be stored remote or inline based on users choice

Overrides can be stored remote or inline based on your choice.

The topic explains how to use the Remote option to store your overrides in a repository. We've covered storing overrides in GitHub, you can choose a source code repository based on your preference.

1. Select **Overrides**.
2. You will have an option to select **Inline** and **Remote** under every override method.
![](./static/overrides_gitex.png)
3. Select your **Environment** in case of **Global Environment** override method.
4. Select **Remote**.
5. In **Git Connector**, select or create a Git connector to the repo for your environment.​ For more information, go to [Code Repo Connectors](/docs/category/code-repo-connectors).
![](./static/remote_overrides.png)
6. In **Repository**, select your repository. If your repository isn't listed, enter its name. Create the repository in Git before entering it in **Repository**. Harness does not create the repository for you.

> 7. Select **Git Branch** , currently only default branch of the repository is supported for overrides.

Author: Yup it can be master or main. Yes for now only default branch is supported.

8. Harness Git Experience auto-populates the **YAML Path** based on the scope where overrides are configured i.e ``{scope}/overrides/harnessdevenv.yaml``.
9. Click on **Save**.

:::info note
Overrides also support [Biderectional Sync](/docs/platform/git-experience/gitexp-bidir-sync-setup.md).
:::

> :::info note

Reviewer 2: I think our standard is to put the feature flag note at the start of the relevant section. Maybe consider moving this note to the start of this section?

> 8. Harness Git Experience auto-populates the **YAML Path** based on the scope oveerides are configured. For example, if you are creating overrides at Project level the YAML path will be ``org/default/project/CD_Samples/overrides/harnessdevenv.yaml`` and if you are creating overrides at Account level the YAML path will be ``account/overrides/harnessdevenv.yaml`` and similarly for Organization level will be ``org/default1/overrides/harnessdevenv.yaml``.

Reviewer: Rephrase - based on the scope where overrides are configured

Reviewer: in the path examples make it place holders instead of examples

> Similar approach can be followed to move other Overrides method to Git.

Reviewer: check if this line is relevant

> Oveerides also support [Biderectional Sync](/docs/platform/git-experience/gitexp-bidir-sync-setup.md).

Reviewer: Correct spelling mistakes

![override priority](./static/override-priority.png)

Overrides defined at project/organization/account levels have the following override priority:

1. Project
2. Organization
3. Account

## Manage Overrides using Git Experience
:::info note

> Currently, Git Experience support for overrides is behind the feature flag `CDS_OVERRIDES_GITX` . Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, Git Experience support for overrides is behind the feature flag `CDS_OVERRIDES_GITX`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```

:::

> When you create overrides, you can store the overrides in one of the following ways:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you create overrides, you can store them remotely or inline.
```

> **Inline**: Overrides are stored in the Harness Platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Inline**: Overrides are stored in the Harness Platform.
```

> **Remote**: Overrides are stored in a repository based on users choice.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Remote**: Overrides are stored in a repository based on users choice.
```

Reviewer 3: added bullets

> Overrides can be stored remotely or inline based on your choice.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 3: Deleting this line as we have covered it in the beginning itself, making it minimal.

### Moving overrides from Inline to Remote

> This topic explains how to use the Remote option to store your overrides in a repository. We've covered storing overrides in GitHub, you can choose a source code repository based on your preferences.

Reviewer 3: You can store overrides remotely in a repository. The steps below explains how to store overrides in GitHub. You can choose a source code repository of your choice.

> This topic explains how to use the Remote option to store your overrides in a repository. We've covered storing overrides in GitHub, you can choose a source code repository based on your preferences.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can store overrides remotely in a repository. The steps below explains how to store overrides in GitHub. You can choose a source code repository of your choice.
```

1. Select **Overrides**.

> 2. You will have an option to select **Inline** and **Remote** under every override method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   You will have an option to select **Inline** and **Remote** under every override method.
```

Reviewer 3: This is an outcome of a step. Marking it as as info below step 1.

> 2. You will have an option to select **Inline** and **Remote** under every override method.

Reviewer 3: You can delete this step.

> 2. You will have an option to select **Inline** and **Remote** under every override method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

> ![](./static/overrides_gitex.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   ![](./static/overrides_gitex.png)
```

> 3. Select your **Environment** in case of **Global Environment** override method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Under the **Global Environment** tab, select your **Environment**. 
    You have the option to select **Inline** or **Remote** code source under all override methods.
```

4. Select **Remote**.

> 5. In **Git Connector**, select or create a Git connector to the repo for your environment.​ For more information, go to [Code Repo Connectors](/docs/category/code-repo-connectors).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. In **Git Connector**, select or create a Git connector to the repository for your environment.​ For more information, go to [Code Repo Connectors](/docs/category/code-repo-connectors).
```

> ![](./static/remote_overrides.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   ![](./static/remote_overrides.png)
```

> 6. In **Repository**, select your repository. If your repository isn't listed, enter its name. Create the repository in Github before entering it in **Repository**. Harness does not create the repository for you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
6. In **Repository**, select your repository. If your repository isn't listed, enter its name. 
    Create the repository in Github before entering it in **Repository**. Harness does not create the repository for you.
```

> 7. Select **Git Branch** , currently only default branch of the repository is supported for overrides.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
7. Select **Git Branch**. Currently, only default branch of the repository is supported for overrides.
```

8. Harness Git Experience auto-populates the **YAML Path** based on the scope where overrides are configured i.e ``{scope}/overrides/harnessdevenv.yaml``.

> 9. Click **Save**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
9. Select **Save**.
```

Reviewer 3: Use select instead of click to support accessibility users.

:::info note
Overrides also support [Bidirectional Sync](/docs/platform/git-experience/gitexp-bidir-sync-setup.md).
:::

:::info note

> Currently, Git Experience support for overrides is behind the feature flag `CDS_OVERRIDES_GITX` . Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Currently, Git Experience support for overrides is behind the feature flag `CDS_OVERRIDES_GITX`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
```

Currently, Git Experience support for overrides is behind the feature flag `CDS_OVERRIDES_GITX` . Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.
:::

When you create overrides, you can store them remotely or inline.

- **Inline**: Overrides are stored in the Harness Platform.

- **Remote**: Overrides are stored in a repository based on users choice.

### Moving overrides from Inline to Remote

You can store overrides remotely in a repository. The steps below explains how to store overrides in GitHub. You can choose a source code repository of your choice.

1. Select **Overrides**.
![](./static/overrides_gitex.png)
2. Under the **Global Environment** tab, select your **Environment**. 

>     You have the option to select **Inline** or **Remote** code source under all override methods.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   You have the option to select **Inline** or **Remote** code source under all override methods.
```

3. Select **Remote**.
4. In **Git Connector**, select or create a Git connector to the repository for your environment.​ For more information, go to [Code Repo Connectors](/docs/category/code-repo-connectors).
5. In **Repository**, select your repository. If your repository isn't listed, enter its name. 

>     Create the repository in Github before entering it in **Repository**. Harness does not create the repository for you.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Create the repository in Github before entering it in **Repository**. Harness does not create the repository for you.
```
